the sv frauenbiburg in blue has indeed
lost five games last time
but matched the match against
frankfurt still the big chance
a big step in the direction
to make class
that's in the two classes
society of b-junior women
bundesliga south established six teams
fight for the championship four
the crews know that
place seven and eight die the
class preservation mean frankfurter im
traditional red and black belongs to
the relegation candidate has so far only
a counter on the account
after the game against frankenberg only
lost to three
since it was not surprising that the
hostess after a good five minutes in
leadership
Sandro Schmidt is brought down to fall
and turns the eleven-meter due me
against all unwritten football
laws themselves to the 10th
long enjoyed the joy of the leadership
but not achieve in you return,
Hessinnen after a mistake of
captain antonia johann the individual
balancing by lisa and goalkeeper clara
haber Although still there but can the
do not prevent impact
Now a lively game developed
with opportunities like over there for women
that's where sofia forgave this time
possible 2 2 1 for frankfurt had previously
one hundred percent on the
flap
But just before the break then hit
again the hosts to a long
ball comes to wiesmayer this again
to fit in the middle to slip
Frankfurt's captain in his homeland
diverts the leather into your own housing
he thinks he 'll hold his own and smith
made no matter Frauenbiburg went with one
2 1 tour at half-time
in transit two of the svf initially but
altogether too passive as well as
here at this free kick guest in the
54 minute of each comes completely unrestrained
to the ball and marks the 2 2
By the way, no offside how to get in the
slow motion beautiful just looks pissed
from the svf drives but immediately puts you
Now switch again to offensive
laura huber venture failed was a
goal woman lisa marie rice but little
later frankfurt's number one was quite
strongly involved in the renewed
Frauenbiburger leadership
she lets the free kick of franziska
height usually flutschen from the hands and
schmid reacts the fastest
the 3 2 just two minutes after that
balancing that was the knockout for the
Frankfurterin on this again
they could not hit the neck this time
more answers on the contrary, the father
several times the four hits on the foot
but only another mistake of rice
brought the house then remember the
Final decision in the 77 minute
she will become a free kick of the hearing
almost your turn
this was the fourth victory of the 11 5
perfect giant relief
then, of course, about the almost
secure class maintenance yes absolutely
by the victory we actually have
got us off the climb
finally whether to sit so that was
now really or today took
earns six points game at one
defeat it would be two points to the
to go there, climb now it has
also points of which he is absolutely important
and what we knew at the beginning of that
is actually the crucial game
and fortunately you can in the clip is
In any case, fans of the
vfr wins has one on space-seven
and in the conscience also next
season of all probability again
to play the Bundesliga